You are really green
How many people know about this?
Anyway
The four major families are now aware of this situation
You said that Gu Qingcheng has a good family life and looks good
You are in love
You don't even look at him.
You have to listen to your grandmother and find an ordinary girl
But what happened?
Put on a big cuckold hat
They're reaching out fast enough.
Sent to my grandma
Let's get down to business, I'll do things, don't you worry?
As long as you crack me
I can get him to sign the divorce papers tonight
I'll give you two hours.
Two hours later.
I want to see his signed name written
Hello Miss Si
I'm the new lawyer for your husband's expert
Your divorce papers need your signature
I'll pick you up this time, tell me a place.
Mushang Cafe, right?
No problem. I'll come right now.
Drinking coffee so late
Are you afraid you won't be able to sleep?
What kind of coffee do you drink?
I am going for a divorce
Divorce
You just got off the plane and your husband asked you for a divorce
Your dog husband is a real dog
Go, I'll go with you